hi today I'm going to talk about other
ways of folding the smart cover for the
iPad 2 Apple has two ways of folding it
the first way is for typing on the iPad
which I find the angle to be too low
it's hard to see the screen if the iPad
is on a desk if it's on your lap that's
okay the second way is for standing it
up for watching a movie and I find the
angle too high here it's hard to see the
screen unless you're sitting three to
five feet away so I've come up with a
few other methods of folding the smart
cover and I'm going to show it to you in
this video alright the first way I'm
going to show you is for standing up the
iPad for viewing a movie so it's
basically like apples way except instead
of folding the triangle all the way down
to the bottom flush against disc I'm
going to lift it up and make sure the
edge goes into the crease and now I'm
going to balance and rest iPad on the
tip of that triangle you can see the
angle is much lower than before this is
good for watching a movie if you're
sitting near the desk you're about a
foot away from the iPad apples original
way you have to be like three to five
feet away alright next apples way of
folding a smart cover for typing has a
very low angle so it makes it hard to
see the screen if the iPad is on the
desk so what I do is fo the first panel
inward like this and then the rest of
the Smart Cover forms a triangle and now
the iPad stands on the tip of that
triangle as you can see it's very sturdy
and the angle is much higher it's very
good
to view the iPad while you're sitting
near your desk it's good for watching a
movie or even surfing the web here's
another way to phone it you're going to
make sure the color side is showing and
you're going to form a triangle like
this and the iPad is standing on the tip
of that triangle
okay the last way I'm going to show you
is by removing the entire Smart Cover
you're going to take it off and just
rest your iPad on this triangle here the
nice thing is that you can move it
around to increase the angle so it's not
fixed here we go
lower angle like this okay so just a
quick recap follow the panel inward form
a triangle with the rest and this is
perfect for typing if we're surfing the
web for viewing movies just roll it up
but don't go down all the way make sure
it's a little bit higher and just
balance the iPad this is also very good
for using the iPad with an external
keyboard alright thanks for watching
please rate comment and subscribe see
you next time
you